Adding information about authentication app (#1264)
vtex/faststore: docs/blog/2022-05-02-cms.md

## What needs to be done?

> This improvement is already available by default for all VTEX Headless CMS users. However, in order to be able to access the private previews, you must install the `vtex.faststore-auth` app in your account. To do this, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every CMS preview is now private by default. However, to be able to log in and view the private previews, you must install the `vtex.faststore-auth` app in your account. To do this, run the following command:
```
